ProjectLayout.md, before:

# Rough Layout of Project 4 Option 2

1. [ ] User - ___vacant___
   1. [ ] Super class User
      1. include common data and methods that both buyer and the seller have
   2. [ ] Buyer extends User
   3. [ ] Seller extends User
2. [ ] Account functionality - Yulin Lin
   1. [X] Login Portion - included in user class
      1. [X] usrname & pwd class/interface
         1. each user should have their usrnam and pwd 
   2. [ ] Message portion
      1. [ ] Message Object each serves as basis of message transfer
         1. each contains a buyer and a seller
         2. each user should a collection of messages assoc. with them
         3. Participants, Message sender, timestamp, and contents.
         4. probably a good idea to implement is as packages so no need to search for every new conversation
            1. However, would need someway to sum them up
3. [ ] Files - ___vacant___
   1. [ ] export message
      1. could be utility method reside in each message
   2. [ ] import message 
      1. again utility method 
   3. Pretty light work load but would need a template at least from functionality group
4. [ ] Statistics - ___vacant___
   1. Prob. utility classes since they are pretty big
   2. [ ] Can be summed up into a single class or at least a super class with 2 children
      1. list of buyer/seller with number of message received/sent and message sent/common word
      2. sort
   3. probably the most challenging part
5. [ ] Blocking - ___vacant___
   1. EASY!
   2. can be 2 simple arrays of block and invisible or a class
6. [ ] Connecting the dots
   1. [ ] Main class
      1. page for user login
      2. dashboard
         1. stats
         2. list of seller/buyers
         3. messages open
      3. Message
         1. messaging body
         2. options 
   2. could have some subclasses to sum different section together to make it more presentable

note:
- Data must persist regardless of whether or not a user is connected. If a user disconnects and reconnects, their data should still be present. If a user creates an account and then closes the application (it is no longer running), they should still be able to log in when running it again.
- Descriptive errors should appear as appropriate. For example, if someone tries to log in with an invalid account. The application should not crash under any circumstances.

Commit message:

Update the use case for User.java Buyer.java Seller.java, so they only serve as placeholders for ease of use. Any associated methods must be enclosed in a new class that has user in a field. All the functions, messaging, accessing, login, searching, etc, that will be public methods must be included in the new class instead of User.java. User.java can contain additional attributes, but it only can have protected or lower access level methods for the sake of hiding the critical information, like password, from outside classes not in the UserCore package.

ProjectLayout.md, after:

# Rough Layout of Project 4 Option 2

1. [ ] User - ___vacant___
   1. [ ] Super class User
      1. include common data and methods that both buyer and the seller have
   2. [ ] Buyer utility class(NOT Buyer.java) that takes in a buyer instance
   3. [ ] Seller extends User(NOT Seller.java) that takes in a seller instance
2. [ ] Account functionality - Yulin Lin
   1. [X] Login Portion - included in user class
      1. [X] usrname & pwd class/interface
         1. each user should have their usrnam and pwd 
   2. [ ] Message portion
      1. [ ] Message Object each serves as basis of message transfer
         1. each contains a buyer and a seller
         2. each user should a collection of messages assoc. with them
         3. Participants, Message sender, timestamp, and contents.
         4. probably a good idea to implement is as packages so no need to search for every new conversation
            1. However, would need someway to sum them up
3. [ ] Files - ___vacant___
   1. [ ] export message
      1. could be utility method reside in each message
   2. [ ] import message 
      1. again utility method 
   3. Pretty light work load but would need a template at least from functionality group
4. [ ] Statistics - ___vacant___
   1. Prob. utility classes since they are pretty big
   2. [ ] Can be summed up into a single class or at least a super class with 2 children
      1. list of buyer/seller with number of message received/sent and message sent/common word
      2. sort
   3. probably the most challenging part
5. [ ] Blocking - ___vacant___
   1. EASY!
   2. can be 2 simple arrays of block and invisible or a class
6. [ ] Connecting the dots
   1. [ ] Main class
      1. page for user login
      2. dashboard
         1. stats
         2. list of seller/buyers
         3. messages open
      3. Message
         1. messaging body
         2. options 
   2. could have some subclasses to sum different section together to make it more presentable

note:
- Data must persist regardless of whether or not a user is connected. If a user disconnects and reconnects, their data should still be present. If a user creates an account and then closes the application (it is no longer running), they should still be able to log in when running it again.
- Descriptive errors should appear as appropriate. For example, if someone tries to log in with an invalid account. The application should not crash under any circumstances.
